Barcelona is a city on the coast of northeastern Spain. It is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of Catalonia, as well as the
         second most populous municipality of Spain. With a population of 1.6 million within city limits, its urban area extends to numerous neighbouring 
         municipalities within the Province of Barcelona and is home to around 4.8 million people,[3] making it the fifth most populous urban area in the European 
         Union after Paris, the Ruhr area, Madrid, and Milan.[3] It is one of the largest metropolises on the Mediterranean Sea, located on the coast between 
         the mouths of the rivers Llobregat and Besòs, and bounded to the west by the Serra de Collserola mountain range, the tallest peak of which is 512 metres 
         (1,680 feet) high.
         
         
         
There is no-one in the world who is not fascinated by life on La Rambla. In little over a kilometre you have the entire essence of the city. 
                From Plaça de Catalunya to the Columbus monument, 
                La Rambla changes at every step. Drink water at the Canaletes fountain, buy flowers, 
                cross yourself in front of the Capuchins, eat in La Boqueria, be thrilled in the Liceu and end up right by 
                the sea. And then back up La Rambla again. An unstoppable river of life that never sleeps, a city within the city itself that feels Barcelona's pulse
                
                
                
                Montjuïc is one of Barcelona's green lungs and best vantage points. This little world of history, gardens, museums, cultural centres 
                and Olympic facilities makes it unique. The imposing hill it 
                occupies from the Sants neighbourhood looks towards the port and offers you an impressive city landscape. 
                
                
        Casa Batlló, an iconic Gaudí building on Passeig de Gràcia, represents the artistic splendour of this unique architect. 
                Declared a World Heritage site by UNESCO, its undulating 
                roof, which reminds you of a dragon's back, is one of the icons of Barcelona Modernisme.
                
                
                
                
                
                
                The Barcelona metropolitan area comprises over 66% of the people of Catalonia, one of the richer regions in Europe and the fourth richest
                region per capita in Spain, with a GDP per capita amounting to €28,400 (16% more than the EU average). The greater Barcelona metropolitan area 
                had a GDP amounting to $177 billion (equivalent to $34,821 in per capita terms, 44% more than the EU average), making it the 4th most economically 
                powerful city by gross GDP in the European Union, and 35th in the world in 2009.[88] Barcelona city had a very high GDP of €80,894 per head in 2004, 
                according to Eurostat.[89] Furthermore, Barcelona was Europe's fourth best business city and fastest improving European city, with growth 
                improved by 17% per year as of 2009.[90].
                 Barcelona was the 24th most "livable city" in the world in 2015 according to lifestyle magazine Monocle.[91] Similarly, according to Innovation 
                 Analysts 2thinknow, Barcelona occupies 13th place in the world on Innovation Cities™ Global Index.[92] At the same time it is according to the Global 
                 Wealth and Lifestyle Report 2020 one of the most affordable cities in the world for a luxury lifestyle.[93]
               
               Barcelona has a long-standing mercantile tradition. Less well known is that the city industrialised early, taking off in 1833, 
               when Catalonia's already sophisticated textile industry began to use steam power. It became the first and most important industrial city in the 
               Mediterranean basin. Since then, manufacturing has played a large role in its history. 


 Barcelona was the 20th-most-visited city in the world by international visitors and the fifth most visited city in Europe after London, Paris, 
                Istanbul and Rome, with 5.5 million international visitors in 2011.[97] By 2015, both Prague and Milan had more international visitors.[98] With 
                its Rambles, Barcelona is ranked the most popular city to visit in Spain.[99]

                Barcelona as internationally renowned a tourist destination, with numerous recreational areas, one of the best beaches in the world,[100][101] mild 
                and warm climate, historical monuments, including eight UNESCO World Heritage Sites, 519 hotels as of March 2016[102] including 35 five star 
                hotels,[103] and developed tourist infrastructure.
                
                